doc: Improve hostlink documentation (#360)
foss-for-synopsys-dwc-arc-processors/toolchain: doc/baremetal/hostlink.rst

libgloss implementation or by implementing it right in the application.

> Because libgloss implementation is often specific to a particular chip (nee

Reviewer: I know this is not your change, but it just caught my eye: `nee -> see`

Reviewer 2: I suspect it was intended this way, because "see" assumes there should be page about "BSP", while "nee" means "an original name of something" - hence implication that libgloss implementation is itself the BSP. But the choice of word is weird to communicate the idea that libgloss == BSP, not sure why I did it that way, other than that being an attempt to make text look fancier.

Reviewer: I did not know that `née` was even a word. Thank you @anthony-kolesov for clearing that out.

@VVIsaev Please ignore my original remark.

Reviewer 2: The more I look at this, the more I see that this is an invalid use of that word. The text should be changed, just not to "see". The text under review also changes the meaning of the phrase: it was that "libgloss is very specific to your board, therefore we don't provide real implementations for your board, just a generic thing for nSIM and a null implementation", new meaning is something like "libgloss is very specific to your board, but we provide implementations to cover various cases". However libhl in fact board-agnostic and can work with either an nSIM or xCAM or HW+MDB, so the original reference to "boards" becomes not so relevant. I think the whole paragraph should be something like:

```suggestion
Libgloss implementation is often specific to a particular chip and runtime
configuration and it is not possible to cover them all in the toolchain
distribution. However, Synopsys provides several libgloss implementations
to cover as much usecases as possible.
```

(Does GitHub allow to make change suggestions only to a single line?...)

Author: done, thank you!

:abbr:`BSP (board support package)`), Synopsys provides several libgloss
implementations to cover as much usecases as possible.

> Two of them are for different Hostlink implementations, mechanism which allows

Reviewer: **a** mechanism

> target programm to invoke system call on host. One is libnsim, that supports

Reviewer: progra**m**

> nSIM GNU IO Hostlink and the other is libhl, that supports Metaware Hostlink.

Reviewer: Please separate *libnsim* and *libhl* descriptions by numbers:

1. libnsim ....
2. libhl ...

Reviewer 3: I'd also suggest to enclose library names in single quotes so they stand-out of the rest of the text like `libnsim`, `libhl`.

this approach is that same application binary can be used with other execution
environments, which also handle software exceptions - unlike the case where a
system function implementation is really baked inside the application binary.

> To use nSIM GNU IO hostlink in application, add option ``--specs=nsim.specs`` to

Reviewer: in **an** application

gcc options when linking - library libnsim.a will be linked in and will provide
implementations to those system level functions. For example, consider simple
program ``hello.c``:

.. code-block:: c

   #include <stdio.h>
   int main()
   {
       printf("Hello World!\n");
       return 0;
   }

Let's build it for ARC HS with nSIM GNU IO Hostlink support and run in nSIM:

.. code-block:: text

   $ arc-elf-gcc -mcpu=hs --specs=nsim.specs ./hello.c -o hello
   $ nsimdrv -prop=nsim_isa_family=av2hs -prop=nsim_emt=1 ./hello
   Hello World!

Please note ``-prop=nsim_emt=1`` (emulate traps) option which enables nSIM GNU IO
Hostlink in nSIM. More details can be found in nSIM documentation.

Metaware Hostlink works via memory mailbox named ``__HOSTLINK__``. The running

> application fills this mailbox and then debugger or simulator execute requested

Reviewer: execute**s**

> system call. The advantage of this approach is that binary can be executed in the

Reviewer: **the** binary

> real hardware under Metaware Debugger. The disadvantage is that binary should not

Reviewer: **the** binary

be stripped to allow debugger to find needed symbols automatically. For
stripped case it is still possible to pass address manually to debugger or
simulator, please look into the apropriate documentation for more information.
To use Metaware Hostlink, add option ``--specs=hl.specs``. Let’s build and run
our ``hello.c`` with Metaware Hostlink:

.. code-block:: text

   $ arc-elf-gcc -mcpu=hs --specs=hl.specs ./hello.c -o hello
   $ nsimdrv -prop=nsim_isa_family=av2hs -prop=nsim_hlink_gnu_io_ext=1 ./hello
   Hello World!

Please note ``-prop=nsim_hlink_gnu_io_ext=1`` option which enables some
additional system calls support in nSIM. Also make sure that ``-prop=nsim_emt``

> option is disabled in nSIM, because only one Hostlink type can be used at the

Reviewer 3: That's a subtle topic, indeed. nSIM documentation lists 3 possible values of `nsim_emt`:
* 0 - disabled, equivalent of not specifying this option on the command line at all
* 1 - enables "GNU hostlink" implemented via exceptions
* 1 - enables "GNU Linux hostlink" which is execution of the application built for ARC Linux on top of nSIM (w/o instantiation of the Linux kernel for ARC)

But I'm not sure if we want to confuse our users that much ;)

Reviewer: @abrodkin I originally asked him to add that in hostlink documentation in newlib, which this text has probably originated from. The reason I asked him to add that was I fell into that trap.

same time.

> libnosys, which is really an architecture-agnostic implementation, that simply

Reviewer: number 3?
